Oh, look, JC on the bike was timed out by Risa. Oh, timeout, JC on the bike.
JC on the bike. It's JC on the bike. It's JC on the bike, yeah.
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chump needs banning and I know just the one.
Look at round. It's JC on the bike. Who says Vader didn't study music in college?
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next. He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing.
Test one, two, testing one, two.
That's not going across yet.
This is going to cut fast, I think.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Gigaohm Biological.
I think you can hear me.
I don't have my headphones in.
I'm just going to hit play
and sit back and relax.
I gave a long talk,
and then I went home.
So I'm going to play
and I'm going to play
and I gave a long talk
and I went right to basketball practice
and I came back and I tried to
find some food and stuff
and then, sorry, that's still too long.
And so I'm just going to hit play
and then there's lots of
there's lots of
I had a really good
session with this group of doctors.
There's a little bit of repetitiveness
for you guys.
But it's a little bit of a new
spin on what I've been saying
over and over again, so it's just another
repetition of the jazz song.
But some of these people have not heard this beat
before, and it was really important for me, especially
because Thomas Binder was there.
This guy from Switzerland
who I have a great deal of respect for
I've been connecting to
for a while and never managed to do it.
Michael Palmer was also
there and a few other people.
Veer Sharab showed up, so it was
really nice.
So anyway, I'm just going to
escape out of that.
And I think I'm right
there.
And I think I need to do this
too.
And then
um
I guess I'll just shift
over.
And I'm just going to hit
play and I'll be here for questions and
stuff, but
for the most part I think I'll just let it go.
Well, JJ Kiwi,
thank you very much for joining us
today. You have been
you worked with this group
long ago in 2021.
So it's nice to see you here
again, and I
really liked your
title that you proposed.
I'm very curious
about your
presentation.
Did you agree
to have your presentation
recorded and posted? Absolutely.
It's fine with me if you can hear me.
Yes, absolutely. Yeah. So in that case
it might be good if we started
with a brief
introduction from you about yourself.
Absolutely. Say a few words.
And
OK, very good. And I will just
hand it over to you. Thank you very much.
Thank you. In case you're not seeing
me as full screen with your little
gallery above, you got to go to the view
up in the upper right and click on that and click on
speaker and then you will see me.
But most of the time I'm actually going to shift
myself down here into the corner if you don't
mind. This is the one time you're going to
see my little logo. I apologize for that.
That cut. There we go.
So if you can see me down here
in the corner, sometimes if I need to be
up in your face, I'll put it up
like this. So 30,000
foot perspective of the pandemic
and ideas on how to teach the
biology correctly. So I'm not coming here
thinking that you guys are
are new to this. I, as
as Michael alluded to,
I followed you guys very
early. I actually came
to Doctors for COVID Ethics
as still a working
thinking. I was a member of this group
called Drastic on Twitter that had solved
the puzzle of the lab leak.
And I was still struggling within
that group to try and to get them to understand
that transfection was a really bad idea
and wasn't vaccines, but they were very
focused on the origin.
And I just, if you want to know
where I'm from,
I'm originally
a neurobiologist. So this little
picture is an electron
micrograph of two neurons that I made
a recording from. Basically
I manipulated mice both
alive and very
recently dead to
record from small
microcircuits in the brain and
manipulate those microcircuits again
alive and dead to see how
they're connected, how they grow, et
cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
I spent about 20 years as a microscope
jockey doing this.
The highlight of my career was
working with Edward and Mabryt Moser
in Norway. And a year after
I left their lab, that lab was awarded
the Nobel Prize in 2014
for physiology
and medicine. So that was kind of cool.
It made my CV pretty
strong. If you want to check it out, you can
put my last name in PubMed and you
can find all of the crazy
nonsense I was involved in.
I want
to try and start out with my main
message, which is
that a weaponized
illusion of consensus
has been formed over the last three
years. And it might feel
like to some people that we are
escaping it. But in reality, the
escape is actually the final
trap door.
I want to convince you by the end of
this talk that we've been led to believe
that there was a novel virus that
killed millions of people, that millions
of more were saved from, that likely came
from gain of function and therefore will
come again. But I want to
really argue that in order to
free our family and friends, we need to
get them here without actually them
knowing they're going to get here. Because
this, it pretty much involves
accepting that everybody's been lying to
them. And that's something that's hard for everybody
to accept. So I've been trying
a way to get us there
with regard to biology. So I've come up
with these three statements. And again, I'm starting
right with the meat of the talk because I don't
want to insult you guys and waste your time by giving
you all kinds of introductions on biology
or immunology or the pandemic and
all the things that happen because you guys are
familiar with it. You've been busy with it from the beginning.
But I wonder if you haven't seen
my stream before, if you've ever heard things
codified kind of like this. So intramuscular
injection of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is
dumb. I use the word dumb
because that makes a lot of sense to people
who aren't typically biologists.
Transfection in healthy humans
is criminally negligent.
I use those words because it is my belief now
that after three years of trying to explain to people,
this has always been transfection.
It's never, it's not a new word.
It's an old word that has always applied to this.
And we just started calling it
an investigational vaccine for other purposes.
Yeah, that's what makes it criminally negligent.
There isn't a biologist at the University of Pittsburgh
that shouldn't have done known better
that this was transfection
and that it would be inappropriate for healthy humans.
So in a way, any doctor that gave this
is criminally negligent if they didn't look into it,
if they didn't find out, or if they permanently,
or if they purposefully ignored those signals in their head.
And then finally, I wanna say viruses aren't pattern
integrities and I'm trying to tap into this,
what I think was largely,
I hate the word psychological operation,
but that's the best I can do.
With this idea that there's no virus at all.
Because what that is is a very unsophisticated way
of addressing the lack of fidelity in this field,
the lack of fidelity in RNA viruses,
and the biology that's attributed to them,
but it is a disingenuous way of doing it
so that you actually don't ever get to the real answer.
So this is the heart of my talk.
This is what I wanna get across these three things.
And then hopefully by the end, you won't still hate me.
The reason, or rather, the story that I've been telling
the people that watch my stream
is that we've been tricked into solving a mystery.
And the analogy that I use is Scooby-Doo,
which is a cartoon show from America
where teenagers and their dog would solve mysteries
in different towns that they traveled through,
then it always inevitably would result
in people getting the mask taken off,
and the ghost, or the monster,
or the voodoo doctor,
is actually just some rich guy in town
who's trying to rip everybody off.
And the reason why I thought it was an apt analogy
is because I think we've been tricked
into trying to solve the mystery of the laboratory leak,
the mystery of where did this virus come from,
and the way that they tricked us
into solving this mystery is to getting us
to accept the idea that there is pandemic potential
of coronaviruses in bat caves
that is accessible via cell culture,
or animal passage,
and more recently through genetic stitching.
And they have seeded this idea
for not just the last three years,
but for earlier than this,
as soon as they figured out
that whatever this RNA signal was,
it wasn't going to be useful as a bio-weapon.
But it would be useful as potentially a psychological weapon.
That's what they've done.
They've created this illusion of consensus
that you've started to hear already in 2020
as a worst-case scenario being a gain-of-function bio-weapon
that could wipe out millions, if not billions.
And since the start of the pandemic,
we've heard this repeated over and over on the left
and the right, on the red and the blue,
and it's all about the same thing
because if you accept this possibility
and then pass it to your children,
your children will be trapped in this mythology forever.
And so I'm not at all saying that there are no viruses.
I'm not at all saying that there are no biological signals
at this size scale.
I'm not at all claiming any of that.
But what I am saying is that this faith
that there is pandemic potential in caves
that can be tapped into and laboratories and leaked
is a faith.
There is no evidence for this in the medical literature.
And that's part of the reason why the no-virus people
have so much ground to stand on.
I apologize for the blower in the background.
I hope you don't hear it.
I'm in my garage, so I have to heat it.
So in this faith of a novel virus, we accept,
and we have been made to accept that vaccination worked.
And that's how we got rid of all previous disease.
And you know that people hammer that all the time.
We've also been made to accept that zoonotic jumps happen,
that PCR false positives are rare,
that asymptomatic spread is real,
that variants are evidence of that evolution
and that we spend money on gaining function research.
This is all accepted by everybody.
And it doesn't matter if you're a far left person
or a far right person, you've basically accepted all of this
if you've been a skilled TV watcher for the last three years.
And I'm calling it a new world order with little bat symbols
like a north-faced symbol, because I
want to take this phrase back, because that's
what they're doing.
They're replacing all of the previous governing
mythologies about who are the bad guys
and who are the good guys with a mother nature
and bio-weapon-based mythology that they can govern us
into the future forever, across languages and cultures.
And it's an illusion of consensus about the core ideas
that are the foundation of this that have been thrown
at us for three years.
And so I've been trying to figure out,
where have these people been in 2020, even in 2019?
What were they saying about this biology?
And it's become very obvious that all of them, all of them,
were involved in ceding this worst-case scenario narrative.
And it basically comes down to something
that Noam Chomsky said, and that is
that the smart way to keep people passive and obedient
is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion,
but allow a very lively debate within that spectrum.
And so I would like to make the argument
that instead of releasing a bio-weapon and trying
to kill the whole planet, they have
released a series of narratives at a series of theaters,
which have led us to believe that the thing to argue
about is whether or not it was a lab leak or a natural virus,
but accept the fact that it was a pandemic,
a spreading RNA molecule that started out as a puddle
and then covered most of the lungs of primates
and deer over the last three years.
And that's an extraordinary claim for all practical purposes
and RNA molecule wrapped in a lipoprotein.
And so I want to suggest to you that some of the people
that you trust are responsible for ceding, guiding,
and even maintaining this pandemic confusion,
and some of them don't know what they've done.
But I want you to listen to this 2017, very brief,
this is the only thing I'm ever going to play
that's a video description of how a pandemic could be ceded
without ever using a pathogen,
but just using the appearance of one.
I hope the volume will be OK.
Early, what I want is high morbidity.
I want people to complain.
Can you hear that or do I need to change my sound settings?
We can hear it.
OK, good.
Thank you.
So what do I do?
Early, what I want is high morbidity.
I want people to complain.
So what do I do?
I go to Des Moines.
Ladies and gentlemen and people on the screen,
I have nothing against Des Moines.
I live there for four years.
I go to Des Moines.
I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines.
I go to Seattle.
I infect a couple of cases there.
I go to North Carolina.
I go to Wisconsin.
What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology
to be able to infect sentinel cases
with a highly morbid condition.
These individuals complain.
Again, this is a central nervous system condition.
So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do.
It'll produce some cascade of neurological
and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms.
And then what I do, the real bug that I use is the internet.
I take attribution for that.
Yes, I'm a terrorist group.
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent
and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x, y, and z.
These people are really sick with this.
But then I say, others who are also infected
will show subdramal, predrome signs of lethality
and what that will be is anxiety, sleeplessness,
agitation.
What I've now done is I've got every individual who
is diagnostically hypochondriacal.
And I've got every individual who's
the worried well flooding the public health system banging
on the door.
The CDC comes back and says nonsense.
That's not real.
I understand that this analogy is not quite right.
But of course, you can see, I hope,
how the discussion of a covered up lab leak
and the discussion of a pandemic originating somewhere
in Wuhan could easily be distorted into something
just like this.
And instead of needing to seed really deadly cases,
they need to see a few TikTok videos of very deadly cases
in places where you don't live.
And the other places only need to have tests that turn out
positive, maybe a sequence that turns out positive.
And so it's very important to really consider,
if you haven't, the real fractional necessity,
how many cases would really need to be real?
In my humble opinion, I can sum it up pretty succinctly
to say that the only cases that needed to be real,
depending on what real meant.
If you're going to culture the virus and sequence it,
then you need enough RNA to do that.
But if you're not going to do that,
then there are a whole bunch of different ways
for that to have been a case.
And of course, I'm not telling you anything you don't know.
I just want you to consider it in a different way.
I want you to consider the idea that what our job now is
is to pull all these people in to try and get them
to consider the possibility that everybody involved
in bioweapons and intelligence and the Department of Defense
and all these other things has a vested interest
in lying for a living, either by omission
or by outright lying for national security reasons.
And once it's for national security reasons,
they'll lie on camera consistently, together.
And so I'm trying to paint a picture
where, wittingly or unwittingly,
a number of people who have been promoted on social media
who are on our team have been staying very far away
from questioning the novel virus that killed millions of people
that millions of more were saved from the gain of functions
likely the source of and will come again.
They don't question it.
And that is a danger because if we teach our children this,
they will live like this.
And so what I want to suggest is happening
and I apologize if everybody here has seen it,
but I can't believe that that's true,
is to imagine this analogy here that this kid
is pretending to stop the train
and imagine that I take my son's sixth grade basketball team
and I take him to this subway station
and they see this guy doing it.
My sixth grade basketball team is not going to believe.
They're 11 years old.
They're not going to believe that this guy is capable
of stopping the train,
is necessary for stopping the train,
nor are they going to believe that he's pushing it
or even helping it.
Now, on the other hand,
if we had 150 large rugby players from New Zealand,
and we fitted them with machines on their arms
that made a lot of noise and sparks,
and then we had them all coordinatedly do the same thing
that this guy's doing,
and coordinate the lights and make a little smoke
and have the guys go, oh, when they stop it,
the boys would have a lot harder time
disbelieving that they were actually stopping
and starting the train.
They might start to think, wow,
this is a pretty cool subway, it's human powered.
And what I want to suggest to you
is that at the beginning of the pandemic
with good planning and concise lying,
then the debate about a novel virus
and everybody being vulnerable
could be one person standing next to this train.
The mass casualty events that were misconstrued as spread,
like what happened in New York City,
that Jessica Hockett and others have documented so well,
would also be another person standing at this train
pretending to stop and start it.
The mass non-specific PCR tests
and lateral flow tests in the UK, a same thing.
And so the more novel stories about the novel virus
that needs new solutions that we have to talk about
and argue about is more people standing at this train
and pretending to stop and start it.
And what I would like to argue is that that was planned
and there are many of these people
who, whether we like it or not, are involved
and you can see it because they don't do this math correctly.
In America and all around the world,
the thing that was shown, can you see my arrow was here?
And this graph wasn't shown.
They shown this graph more in the UK
than they ever did anywhere else,
but this was all you ever saw in America.
The blue in this graph, if you've never seen this before,
is pneumonia and it starts at 2014
and it goes all the way to 2022.
The light blue here where my arrow's now bouncing
is the all-cause mortality in the United States.
So this is where the pandemic starts,
but this is how we were shown it with the graph in red.
And you can see there's an unprecedented increase
tripling almost of deaths due to pneumonia
that's never occurred in the history of America
and that's very odd.
We've had that under control for quite some time.
I would like to just point out, for example,
that these four guys spoke in front of Parliament
about the shots, I understand that,
but they have been speaking around the world
at many events over and over again
for almost two and a half years
because none of Robert Malone, for example,
didn't start speaking out until June of 2021.
So let's make sure that we realize
that's a year and a half in
or a year and two months into the pandemic
where a lot of other people were speaking out in 2020.
But these people have never started to question
the misuse of these graphs
and the misuse of excess deaths
to sort of tally up how many people have died.
They will say over and over
that millions of people are dead.
They will not subtract
and do not resuscitate orders in New York City.
The ventilators, the lack of antibiotics,
the poor use of steroids, remdesivir, medazolam.
In America, we have an opioid epidemic
that is killing between 150,000 and 200,000 people a year.
It's undercounted and it's underreported.
It's under cared for and it contributes to excess deaths
because it kills people of all age groups
that shouldn't be dying.
And those numbers, if you just do silly accounting,
like, look, there's excess deaths,
can be misconstrued as the spreading of a virus.
But we know from Denny Rancor's data
that there is no evidence of geographic spread
and their dang well should be.
Finally, death certificate fraud
and all the other things that add up,
the whole point of this is,
oh, those are supposed to already be there,
sorry about that,
is that there's zero epidemiological evidence of spread
and we all ignore this.
We all, as in the people that are up on top
of the social media platforms
telling, pretending, I think, to be fighting for us
because they're not questioning the narrative.
They're not questioning this idea
that in 2019, something was released
and it spread around the world.
This is the first scenario, a bat cave zoonosis.
So you see the years are going here along the X axis
and each stripe is a new year.
The earth is green in this scenario,
just kind of saying that lockdowns, protocols
and vaccines have saved lives.
The second is a laboratory zoonosis,
exactly the same thing,
but now it's a lab instead of a bat cave.
The third scenario is something
like a genetically altered virus,
but the point is is that the earth is clean in 2018.
The earth is clean in 2019 and then it's dirty
at the end of 2019 and that dirt spreads from a puddle
and it spreads around the world with extremely high fidelity.
We can track it like we've never tracked
any RNA molecule before and we're still tracking it now.
And there's a huge illusion of consensus
that this is just how it is,
that there's nothing unprecedented here at all.
Even though before 2019,
how much data do we have about circulating RNA coronavirus
is almost zero, almost zero.
And before the start of the pandemic,
they used to lament about the inability to survey them
because they're so hard to detect,
we need a pan coronavirus test.
And then as soon as the pandemic started a coronavirus test
that was specific for just one was extremely easy to make
and up to 200 different emergency use authorized forms
in America alone.
And so the faith just took over
and we just started following that faith.
But the real question is,
is how do we know it's not a conflated background signal
that there are all kinds of RNA and DNA
in the background at that size scale?
And we sample it as if there's only viruses there.
No exosomes, no vesicles, no endogenous viruses, nothing.
And that's disingenuous.
And it's certainly disingenuous to say that we can assess
what the total RNA signal in the background was before 2019
and say that it was free of this new signal,
which we are now measuring with ultra high fidelity
down to the amino acid or sorry,
the nucleic acid in a 30,000 or whatever base pair RNA genome.
And so we must get our kids off this train.
If our kids grow up believing this faith
without the sophistication to question it,
then they're gonna be lost forever
because they will grow up believing
that we defeated diseases.
We always defeat them with vaccines,
just like the TV says,
they're gonna grow up believing
that another pandemic can come from a bad cave,
nevermind a laboratory.
Even Robert Malone was in front of Parliament saying
that actually with a bachelor's degree,
you can do it in your garage.
That's almost word for word.
And so PCR false positives are rare,
but we know that they've confounded this idea.
For you people in the, I hope for this audience,
it's sophisticated enough to say that,
I wonder if you're aware that in academia,
when you do PCR, it's always nested primers.
And that's what gives them such great specificity.
But as far as we know, in America and Canada and elsewhere,
there's never been a nested primer test
for coronavirus at least before 2021.
And they really never used it in Canada.
And as far as I can tell,
they never used a nested primer set in America ever.
And so that means that the PCR test isn't specific.
And if they aiming at homologous genes,
then they're also never going to find anything,
but just background.
It's like saying that you have a very specific test
for a certain year of Mercedes,
but in reality, you're just looking for four rubber wheels.
And so again, we can't let our kids grow up believing
that gain of function virus is something useful.
So this is my strategy for dispelling this mythology.
We have to revisit this role of sanitation,
nutrition and better medicine and decline of disease.
But that's been done in many books.
We just have to, of course, teach those to our children.
We have to recalculate all cause mortality during 2021.
We have Rancor and Hockett and John Bodwin and others
who are doing it, but we need more people doing.
We probably need state funding to do that right.
Reevaluate the role of criminal negligence.
That's what I'm going to still talk about now.
It's why it's yellow.
And then strict liability, of course,
is the idea that you make a product
and you're responsible for what happens with it
unless you provide the warning of what could hurt you.
So if you sell ladders, you have to put a warning on it
that says that you can fall off the ladder
and get extremely injured, so be careful.
And when you sell drugs on TV in America,
you have to tell all the side effects,
including that it could cause your heart to explode
or whatever, that you have to say all those things.
But for vaccines, you don't.
So it's very simple.
Restore strict reliability to all vaccine products.
Anything else would be just not acceptable.
And finally, teach the concept of life
as an impossibly complex pattern integrity.
So we'll do those three things and then we'll quit.
I'm going to go as fast as I can.
Remember that we're just doing these three points,
but we're trying to get people to come to this,
these conclusions and understand them in a sort of
a way that a biologist, not necessarily a biologist,
but somebody who's not a biologist can understand.
So the first one was injection
and any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
So the way to explain this to your family and friends
is to talk about epithelial cells
and how the immune system is oriented around them.
So the first arrow here is pointing to stomach acid.
The first line of defense is skin, mucous membranes,
silly as stomach acid, urine flow.
We are basically need to teach people
what the immune system is.
So in every place in the body,
the immune system is oriented around a barrier.
And a barrier is that's formed by epithelial cells.
And so if you're going to give an introduction
to the immune system to somebody
who doesn't know anything about it,
you got to point out to the fact that no matter
where you look at the immune system,
it's oriented around that barrier.
And so the first thing I want to do is draw this picture
that I drew for somebody else
and it worked really well.
So I'm going to try it here again.
And I apologize for anybody that this is too little
and too belaboring, but I'm trying again
to help people who want to try and teach
their family and friends.
I'm going to draw a really simple picture of the body
and I'm going to try and orient it
with regard to the immune system.
And so if I draw it like this
that looks kind of like an ion channel,
then there's a hole that goes through the body like that,
right?
And so this is food in and poop out, right?
And so we're going to go, this is the body.
And so this side in here, this is all interior,
but it's actually not interior, right?
It's still the outside of the body.
So you have a tube that runs through your body.
And this is how I explain to my kids.
And that tube is still the outside world.
The tube, or the bag inside of your lungs here
that I'm coloring in is also the outside world.
And all along this barrier
is the same basic orientation of the immune system inside out.
All of the defenses are organized inside out like this.
And you could draw the same thing on this side,
but I don't really need to
because there's no lungs over there, but it is.
And so on the inside of this barrier,
then we all know, because we're all doctors and PhDs
and we're readers and we've learned this
over the last three years
that we didn't know beforehand,
is a system of the lymph nodes
where all of these cells reside
to kind of respond to the needs of the barrier.
Now, the reason why this is most important
to understand is very simple.
How do I tell my parents who haven't talked to me
in three years because I'm a know-it-all
that they shouldn't get injected anymore
without giving them a three-hour lecture
that sounds like a know-it-all about the immune system?
Well, I draw a picture like this and I say,
so if you want to augment the immune system
and it's orientated this way to protect the inside,
why would you inject something here?
And it's just that simple
because you can go at as far as you want.
You can explain that oral vaccines go in this hole.
And so they actually expose themselves
to the outside of the barrier here.
You can say that we used to variolate for smallpox
and that's again scratching the skin
on the outside, so that's the barrier again.
And so most of the cases where we have some historical reason
to believe that vaccination or immunization worked,
we were always antagonizing the immune system at the barrier.
We were never injecting intramuscularly
and that's become a very recent advance
in our quote-unquote understanding of the immune system
and I think we need to dismiss it wholeheartedly.
So the other way to get fancy with it would be
to talk to people about immune linked recognition.
So link recognition is how B cells and T cells
coordinate their recognition of antigens
and how sometimes the recognition of one antigen
by a T cell can be linked to the recognition
of another antigen by B cells,
but it's a different antigen
that the B cells recognizing that the T cells present.
And that has to do with how B cells process antigens
and then present them for T cell help.
And that's a great place to teach the difference
between an infection and a transfection
where there are so many signals and so many differences
between the way that the body is presenting
and finding the proteins versus in an infection,
but that's of course too much for this.
But it's the best place in immunology to start.
So the second thing I would start with,
I think I'm going next to transfection
in healthy humans is criminally negligent.
And let me just move my mouse over here
because I can't quite see that.
So what we have, first of all,
I think that this list is most important to understand
and this list was basically done in March of 2020.
If you wanna ask in the question and answer
about how I know about transfection
or what my impression of it is,
I used it for almost 10 years in my mice
and so I can tell you a lot about it,
especially with regard to using a dendovirus
to transform actually.
So transfection in its purest form
would be wholly inappropriate for healthy humans.
That's the first most important thing to say.
You don't want anybody to have any openings for it to say
that it was rushed or that they weren't doing quality control
because if they made the best small batch brew beer
of transfection, it would not be appropriate
for your children, it wouldn't be appropriate
for your healthy grandmother.
It's just not appropriate for healthy humans.
The upscaling from nanograms to kilograms
compounds this problem and you can hear people
on all sides of the debate joking about this in 2020.
It's almost comical if you go back.
You can find people as diverse as Vincent Rancin Yellow
and Rach and Yellow, excuse me, and well, anyway,
it doesn't matter.
You can find lots and lots of people talking about how
it's amazing how we're going from nanograms to kilograms.
Never either they are not processing what they're saying
and the absurdity of it or they're saying it that way
in order to actively allow you to dismiss the comedy of that.
It's very much equivalent to your grandmother
making the best pie for the state fair
and then saying, okay, grandma,
now I want to make 10,000 of those.
And her just saying, okay, well, we'll make them by tomorrow.
And thinking about how to make those,
the big batch of everything, it's just that, no,
it's not possible, not in the speed.
And that's what Mike Eden has been arguing for a very long time,
not only about this product, but all the other ones.
The RNA was impure, we've known that since the smear
was released from the European agency
where instead of getting a band of RNA they got a smear.
So that already told you that we were going to get
a whole bunch of small protein fragments.
The RNA codon was optimized.
This meant that it's going to go through the ribosomes
at different speeds.
It's going to means that it's going to fold differently,
which means it'll produce different epitopes
because epitopes aren't just the sequence of the amino acids,
but they're three dimensional structure.
It was also chemically altered.
So this caused wobble bases
and it also caused premature stops.
And now we just saw a paper from UCL come out
that shows that it's also causing frame shifts.
So this is even worse.
So talk about RNA is impure.
The protein that's produced is definitely also very impure.
The protein produced is also uncharacterized.
That's how we're here now.
After three years, we're just finding out
all the implications of just some of these things.
The LNP was never tested in humans.
We know that from a wide variety of things.
We also know that they've known for a very long time
that they can't control where it goes.
There is a lecture from 2022 of how Peter Cullis,
the guy who invented the LNP,
admitting it freely during the question and answer session
that he wasted the lives of five postdocs,
trying to find a way to target LNPs to particular tissues
and it just ain't possible.
It might take 40 more years.
So more recently, we found out that the process too
is indeed contaminated with endotoxins from the bacteria
that's used from the recombinant process.
It's also contaminated with double-stranded DNA fragments,
but I would argue that these are probably less of a danger
than all of that other stuff up there,
including number one, which is that even if it works great,
it was still a really bad idea.
Is the spike protein toxic in transfected cells,
does it have added biology?
That's all on top of this stuff one through nine.
And so what I'm arguing is that there's lots of academic
biologists that should have done known better.
There's lots of doctors that heard it
and should have known better.
And everybody behind the scenes of this thing in 2020
definitely knew better.
So the final thing is viruses are not patterned integrities.
I'm stealing the term pattern integrity
and applying it to biology.
It's really a bigger term than that
and I'm stealing it from Buckminster Fuller,
who originally explained it as taking three pieces
of different kind of rope, like a Manila rope,
a nylon rope and a hemp rope and splicing them together
so you have one continuous rope and then tying a very simple
knot in the nylon rope and then sliding that knot down
through the different kinds of rope.
And the knot is the pattern integrity.
It's not nylon, it's not cotton and it's not hemp,
but it is the pattern that is integral
as it moves down the rope.
What I would like to argue is that life on earth
is a complex pattern integrity that we don't fully
understand how it sustains itself,
but it requires energy, it exhibits homeostasis
and all of the species that we call species on earth
could be considered this kind of complex pattern integrity
and a virus is not that.
A virus as best as their cartoon describes it
is a molecule wrapped around small proteins
coated in lipoprotein.
So there's no aspect of a pattern integrity there.
At best, you could call that a packet of genetic information
or genetic noise, but you can't call that a pattern integrity
like you can a mosquito or a squirrel or your son.
And so if viruses aren't patterned integrity,
how have they lied to us about these things?
And I think after reading, I mean, countless papers
over the last three years trying to figure out
what is and isn't real and really challenging
these no-virus people to stop stopping at purification
and isolation, but to think more about the whole thing.
This is the cartoon that broke down.
So what they tell you is that the virus infects you
and then it makes lots of copies of itself,
but for some reason, they're really hard to culture.
You gotta have exactly the right cell culture type
and even when you do have the right cell culture type,
it only grows in like two of the 96 wells
and then you can barely get anything.
You just get a sequence and that sequence
is sometimes incomplete, but we fill in the holes anyway.
And that's basically coronavirus biology up until 2020.
That's how they did it.
They look for a small, very conserved sequence
of the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
If they find it in one of these wells,
they say they found a virus
and then they sequence everything in that well
and assemble a coronavirus genome if they can.
And that's the extent of the fidelity up until 2020.
Now what's wrong with this is that they're not
adequately acknowledging the virology
that's been around for since the 80s.
So I was gonna slide back there and grab a book,
but that's not really important.
There are old bound books where people were working
on these RNA signals back in the 80s
and talking about coronaviruses.
And you can see that they already knew back then
that most of the particles didn't really have a full set
of the RNA, whatever they're looking for,
but it was weird.
They could never find a full signal.
And when they could find a full signal,
it was very, very faint.
It was like almost none of the signal was the genome
that they thought was responsible for this.
And it seemed like in the 80s,
they actually understood that as part of the reason
why they're so hard to culture
because they don't replicate themselves very well,
whatever they are.
And so what I would like to suggest to you,
and I don't want to waste too much time here
because we're already quite a long ways in, I think,
but is that how virology has overcome this,
is they've taken these RNA signals
that they can see in the wild
and they've converted them to DNA.
And when you do that, what that allows you to do
is the same process too that they used
to make the RNA that everybody's all up in arms about.
And I've been trying to teach everybody
for the last couple of years
that that's how they overcome this low fidelity replication
of coronavirus signals that they see in the wild
that they can never grow,
that don't skip animals very easily.
They have to start out with a larger quantity
that they can get in nature.
And the way that they get that larger quantity
is they take that RNA sequence
and they make it into a synthetic DNA molecule.
Break it up into five little plasmids
and grow those plasmids in a large vat of bacteria,
just like they do any other DNA
that they need a large quantity of.
And just like process two, they lice those bacteria,
they take that CDNA out, they ligate them together
and they put them on a cell culture,
which will turn it into RNA.
They can also mix it with a industrial
or commercial version of an RNA,
RNA polymerase and just translate the DNA to RNA that way,
depending on how you want to do it,
depending on what process you use.
I don't know for sure exactly the details
of how they did it with the mRNA,
but I think they used an RNA to do it,
RNA polymerase to do it, not a cell culture.
I'm sure they did that.
But anyway, so then what you can do with that RNA
is you can put it on a cell culture
and it will cause that cell culture to blab
and to show psychopathic effects.
You can put it in animals
and those animals will show immune responses to it.
You can send it to other people and they'll see the same thing.
You can sequence it and you'll get sequences.
The most important thing is this DNA can be gone back to,
put it back in the bacteria, make more
and you have, for example, what SARS or Bany is.
Every SARS paper that was done after say 2005
basically uses a strain called SARS or Bany,
which is RNA, infectious RNA,
derived from a cDNA clone made from a patient
with the last name or Bany.
And Ralph Barrick just distributes that clone
whenever anybody needs it for their paper.
And the way that clone is made is from a DNA copy
of the RNA sequence they can make as much of that DNA
as they want.
That means they can make a very pure quantity
of the RNA, which they can't get from the wild,
no matter what they do, they can't get it from the wild.
This is the only way they can't.
This is the only dangerous form of RNA
because it's the only form that can be produced and mass
and incidentally, it's probably the only way
you can get the same sequence in multiple places
around the world.
And so I want to make a scientific argument here
and stop with the cartoons.
Is there any way to see evidence of this?
So I'm gonna start with direct nanopore sequencing
from a paper that is from right before the pandemic in 2019
where they use nanopore sequencing to sequence a coronavirus.
Nanopore sequencing in case you're unaware
is using a ion channel and then the DNA goes
through the ion channel and they could read the electric signal
of the ion channel and then they can use modeling and math
to decide what the sequence is of the molecule
that went through and the beauty of sequencing this way
is that you're not as nearly as limited
in the size of molecule you can sequence at once
and you're also not limited to DNA
but you can actually also sequence RNA with these techniques.
So for the first time in coronavirus history,
it was possible to bypass these limitations
of PCR-based sequencing where you have to amplify
all these amplicons in case you're not aware
when they sequence SARS-CoV-2, they need to use between 105
and I think the smallest number is 99 primer sets
in order to sequence the whole genome
because again PCR you can't just do as big a sequence
as you want because it's limited in size.
Maybe the amplicon is something like 300 to 500 amino acids
or base pairs.
So nanopore sequencing was a great,
it should have been a great leap forward
because now we can take one of these coronaviruses
in a clone form and we can put it in a cell culture
and really check, okay, what happens when a virus replicates
in a cell culture, what do we see?
And since it's direct nanopore,
we can just dump all the RNA through
and we'll get a pseudo-quantification
of what's going on during a virus replication process.
So what we're supposed to believe is that the RNA,
which is that little red bead of material there
around the end protein is supposed to be perfectly packaged
inside of the endosome and you get a replication-competent virus
that you cough out on your friends
and that's the whole cartoon.
They make beautiful computer animations of it
but that doesn't make it true.
And so if we look at this nanopore sequencing,
what they do is they do, I'm just gonna point out here,
I don't know if I circled it in the thing
so I'm just gonna underline it.
They're using two clones here,
full-length CDNA copies of genomes from 229E
and they're growing it in vaccinia
and so they use a vaccinia virus to transform an MRC-5 cell
and then that repackages this recombinant human coronavirus.
It's not important that you understand this
because actually I probably couldn't explain it to you
in super detail either, but they're basically hijacking
some known properties of that vaccinia virus's genome
in order to produce this RNA.
But then they put this on that cell culture
and here we go, this is what they find.
They find subgenomic RNAs get translated
so very rarely does the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase
go from beginning to end and get you a full genome.
You can then package it into the cartoon
and then send it out to the next infector.
Instead, you get really, really huge numbers
of incomplete genomes and in fact, you only get,
I don't know if I wanna show this, I'm sorry,
that's not what I wanted to show.
Here's the coverage and so if you look on the side here,
this is 10 to the zero and then up here is 10 to the fourth
and so for RNA transcripts of N and for S,
you get hundreds, if not, you get tens of thousands,
if not hundreds of thousands of copies of them.
But for whole genomes, there's actually less than 100
that they actually find and in this, less than 100,
it's less than five, it's only two
that they find, I was already a paper ahead of myself.
In this paper, they only found two genomes
which would qualify as full length
and neither of them are actually full length
but that doesn't matter and again, remember,
we also did this, oh shoot, so I explained that
a little bit wrong, I was going too fast.
This paper that's here is done
in a more traditional clone method
and why I popped this paper up was to show you
that this is clone methodology from many more years ago,
this is 2001, where they use a vaccinia virus
to do the same thing and what I wanted to get to with that
is what they found in this paper
which is here's where the full genomes are supposed to be
and they're almost a shadow, they're not even there
and so in this paper, they also see sub-genomic RNAs
in huge quantities but full genomes are almost invisible,
undetectable and 20 years later in this infectious clone,
oh I'm gonna go back, in this infectious clone paper,
they find the same thing, they only find two full genomes
and then hundreds and hundreds of thousands
of sub-genomic RNAs, so you would think that's kind of cool,
they'd actually made an infectious clone of CDNA,
a CDNA infectious clone of SARS-CoV-2,
they put it in genomic sequencing,
nanopore direct RNA sequencing
and they found exactly the same thing,
remember they put the clone in the cell culture,
so there were already hundreds of full copies
of the RNA in there, of the DNA rather,
already in there, hundreds of copies,
so they only found 111 full reads of the RNA,
even though they threw in a DNA infectious clone
into the cell culture, that's all that it produced,
but hundreds of thousands, look at the coverage here,
if you can see my arrow, 400,000 is that line right there
and it's much above it, it's almost at,
I think that would be 600,000 of the end protein,
so the way that these things behave,
relative to the cartoon that we've been told
is completely different and yet somehow or another,
this observation was made already back in the 80s
and it keeps being made over and over and over again
and we ignore it for what it is,
which is the revealing that the infectious cycle
is not what virology textbooks have told us,
it's a very low fidelity replication process
and that means that they're really not patterned integrities
and so the way that we're talking about them is pathogens
and all this other, it's just ridiculous,
they don't have the level of biological sophistication
to justify the use of all of these biological terms
that we otherwise only apply to real pattern integrities.
So again, this was just my summary of what I think
the way out is, I don't really know,
I don't really have all the answers
and I didn't really know what to say to you guys
because I know that you've had so many other people tell you
all kinds of amazing things and point out
all kinds of amazing dots on the map.
The last dot I'd like to point out is that
even if they're not trying to kill us,
they are trying to limit the amount of people
that are being born and I think we have to acknowledge
that they also have this idea that somewhere down the line
an AI that had enough computing power
and had enough data would be able to solve any puzzle
and they've been trying to tell us that
by first beating chess and then beating Go
and then they've recently told us
they've solved the problem of protein folding
but in reality, what they know for sure
is that if their plans go through the genetic diversity
that's on Earth, this genetic diversity
is the last time it's gonna exist.
There's never gonna be 10 billion people on the planet
fighting to have babies ever again
if their plans go through so they need to collect this data.
It is a multi-generational fight not for us,
they don't need our data, they need babies.
From birth to death, people like Craig Ventner
have said that before, people like Joshua Lederberg
have said that before, old school leaders
in this trans-human genetic movement
have been saying this for years that we need that data
and the way they're gonna do it is my kids,
if they get given this mythology,
then it will be logical for them to give their children's
data to the state, to contribute to their social
obligations to their society.
All based on a mythology that there might be
to gain a function virus made by a bachelor student
in their garage.
And so we've got to teach our children that this is a lie,
that this idea that we are tracking something
with such high fidelity around the world
and it's still spreading.
We've got to break that myth because that is not possible.
You cannot have a thousand RNA molecules
that are pretty similar to one another
and then three years later have an uncountable number
that are descended from that puddle.
It's not possible because they're not patterned integrities.
And I can go into that in more detail.
I can, but it's just what to talk about
and how to talk about it was a 30,000 foot level thing,
trying to get more people to listen and talk about this stuff.
So stop all transfections in humans
and that's the end of the talk.
I'm happy to answer questions.
Wow, sorry.
I don't know if that was a felt right or not.
Well, thank you very much, Jay.
Let me just okay, Dene, go ahead, please.
Hi, Jay. Thank you very much.
I found that very stimulating and very interesting
and I really loved it.
I loved how you, the package that you presented.
I think I understood, you know, critical parts of it and everything.
Okay, I have a couple of questions.
Just your last point, you said that they want this data.
What data exactly do they want
and why do they think it would be useful to them?
Well, they have said for a very long time
that they would like to crack the human genome, right?
And if you just take the analogy
of how they are cracked to the game goal,
it was putting the computer against itself
and playing millions and millions of games.
Recording stopped.
The equivalent of that in biology
is millions and millions of examples
of the expression of the human genome
and unique examples of it.
So in theory, if you could have all of this data
and have it in high fidelity,
that's exactly what an AI would need to go,
see how does this genome work?
And if you could have that whole time series
for every baby on Earth with biosensing devices
that aren't invented yet
and all of these other projections that they make,
then eventually at some point the nexus
of all these technologies is going to come together
and we're going to be able to have the computing power
and the storage power and the sampling power
and whatever to crack the human genome.
That's the whole prediction that they're making.
And I think it's a silly one,
but that's the one that they brainwash each other with
in the secret meetings
and convince these venture capitalists
and everything to believe in this potential.
Okay, so I mean the answer that I get from your answer is
it's a silly idea and it's hard to see how
it would be truly useful to them.
And that's what I would retain from your answer.
But my second question is,
you said transfection was dumb,
but my question is, is it dangerous?
Because, you know, that's more important, I think.
Is it dangerous?
It doesn't the body have enough,
you know, safety mechanisms within it
that even if you succeed by chemistry
or whatever this transfection on many cells,
who cares?
Most of the time it won't matter.
Is it dangerous?
I would say that, unfortunately,
it terrifies me to say that I think it is very dangerous
and what someone said at the beginning
of the call before the recording was on
and before everybody was here
is that we have no real time horizon
as to when it's going to happen.
And I'm going to try and say this without crying,
but my best friend had aneurysm
on Saturday of this past weekend
and he's 49 years old.
He took two shots,
stopped talking to me for three years
because I'm a know-it-all, just like my parents did.
And there's no way that I can go to his funeral
because everybody there believes
that the shot has nothing to do with it.
And this is the kind of thing
that we're going to be dealing with
over the next five or four
or however many years it's going to be, I don't know,
but everybody is potentially looking at the problem
with it is very simple.
If the auto-immunity that's almost inevitable
when you transfect an organism,
if the auto-immunity that's forming
is something that takes a while to build,
it could be a decade before
the auto-immunity reaches a stage of symptomology
and never mind lethality.
And so the idea that this is just going to be
some kind of spike in reactions is very naive
because some of the mice that I transfected
could live for a whole year
because of where we put it and what we used.
And other mice would die in eight weeks
And so the idea that the random nature
of this transfection makes it very much a crapshoot.
I think it's very possible that lots of people
will get away with it and never find out
what happened and maybe, you know,
never have what they would consider
a clinically significant disadvantage
as a result of the transfection,
but keep messing around
and they will definitely find out.
I can't dodge that bullet forever.
But again, I would also say that after three years
we all know that there's a lot of different ways
that this could have been distorted.
The biggest one being placebo doses,
either intentional or accidental
because of not storing or producing them correctly
and countless other reasons
why there's not going to be a uniform signal
across all the people that receive these.
But if it worked and that's what I was trying to make
with that slide, if it worked,
transfection is terrible.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you, Lars.
Yes, thank you.
I love your way of explaining very difficult things.
When we tried to explain to our friends and families
what's been going on,
have you seen any good descriptions
that we can use for regular folks
or why the PCR test is so ridiculous
and how that should make everybody understand
that this is fake or some other wedge
that we can throw into the discussion
that makes people actually understand?
I think I can.
So, you can basically go through it.
I could have just done that talk.
There's all kinds of things.
But the big picture is that before the pandemic,
the way that coronavirus biologists went about their work
was looking for signals which were shared across coronaviruses.
And since coronaviruses are believed
to be these self-replicating RNA molecules,
the most important molecule or protein, rather,
in that genome is the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase,
which copies the virus genome in your cells.
That protein is really conserved across many coronaviruses.
And, in fact, there's a 2013 paper
that's probably the best example.
It's a Shengli sheet paper
where they go sampling for coronaviruses
and basically they look for the same fragment
in every sample that they look in.
And whenever they find it,
if there's a slight difference in that signal,
then they classify it as a different virus.
If they find a different protein that looks different
than another one, then they classify it.
And so, from these very, very small signals
that are supposed to represent larger signals,
so remember, in these papers off the top of my head,
they were looking for a 350 base pair segment
of the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase gene,
which is part of a 30,000 base pair genome.
So, by finding that one fragment with PCR,
they said they found the whole thing,
and then they started classifying the noise
that they found in those samples
as distinct coronaviruses from different bats
or different animals.
And so, the fidelity that they used
to create the illusion of this diversity
of pandemic potential in the past
is completely, it's not even close to related
to how they're now portraying it,
which is that this PCR is specific for just one,
and that the sequences are specific for just one
and its ancestors.
This has never been able to be done.
The most robust signal of a coronavirus
that I've been able to find in the literature
was one that was recorded by Mark von Rundst in Belgium
in 2008 in a paper where he found the NL67,
I think it is, but it could be wrong, it might be 47,
and the NL67 coronavirus,
and they found coronavirus genes,
the specific gene fragments that were indicative
of this coronavirus in 27 kids,
and then they lost it.
And so, the most fidelity we've ever had
is from SARS-1, and that was supposedly 10,000 people
and 800 people dead,
but we don't have sequences from every one of those patients,
and every time we have a sequence,
the difference is extraordinary.
So, again,
with regard to the PCR test,
I guess the analogy would be something like
what I tried to say earlier, which is
you've got to kind of imagine a world like America
where everybody is unaware that they have automobiles,
and then you tell people that there is a
there is a novel vehicle spreading around,
and you're not even going to know whether you have it or not
without this test,
and the test is that you've got,
you're going to look for rubber tires,
and you're going to look for a
internal combustion engine in your garage,
and if you find those two things,
then you're infected.
And so, as this test spreads around the United States,
we find out that, wow, lots of people are infected with this thing.
And if we had told you that it's an epidemic of Toyotas,
but then told you that even when you don't see,
it starts to get confusing because the background signal is varied,
the background signal is very heterogeneous,
and the background signal is already there.
And then on top of this, you're going to falsely imply a very specific test
that's actually not specific, but every time it shows up, you say it is.
And so, by the time we're done with this,
I've convinced you that everybody owns a Toyota,
when in reality,
very of a small fraction of people in Pittsburgh own a Toyota,
but because my test was implied to be specific on a background
that was confounding,
then you have a pandemic and you have evidence of spread.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Who was next?
A little bit confused.
I just updated my Zoom,
and everybody gets reordered here.
Sorry?
I think Matt's next.
At least that's what I see on my screen.
I don't know.
Okay, Matt's go ahead, please.
All right.
Thanks for the great talk.
I wanted to ask you about these patterning categories,
and your argument with the paper about replication
of certain parts of the genome,
and you were saying these fragments were replicating hundreds of thousands of times
while the full genome was only replicating like 10 times or something.
So why, like, what,
so I guess you're saying,
and correct me, if I'm wrong, I'm really not an expert.
So are you saying that the full genome doesn't have a survivor ability?
It's not able to sort of replicate at a regular or at an expected level.
And so that's why we would expect these viruses to die out very quickly or.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
That's the reason why they have been so notoriously difficult to get a handle on.
And the only way they've been able to get a handle on it is to revert to DNA
and make large quantities that kind of do some of the things that they expect them to do in the laboratory.
But actually, they don't recapitulate whatever signal they find in nature.
They're just a terrible proxy for it.
I ask another question because I don't think I'm answering your question sufficiently.
No, no, no. I think it's good.
I mean, I just wanted to know whether you're basically saying that, you know,
from this paper and from these results, you're saying that these viruses in their fullness,
we're using these full genomes as the proxy for the existence of the presence of the virus, I guess.
Yeah, and I remember the other thing that we're assuming is that this signal is pathogenic.
If you swab a bat and find this sequence and assume that the bat isn't making it,
it is the same thing as using chimpanzee cells to make vaccines
and then finding out that there's a virus in there.
You didn't know it was in there and then claiming that it was always there.
It's a very similar kind of mistake, but this time intentional.
And I would argue that in the 80s and 90s, they were looking at whatever this mRNA signal is as a potential tool.
A potential tool for medicine, a potential tool for therapeutics,
and that's what Ralph Beric's theme was for a very long time,
was going to try and use coronavirus as a vaccine that would just spread by itself because they're so innocuous.
And so once they figured out that they were never going to be able to harness this stuff,
even when they made large quantities of the RNA, they couldn't really use it for anything.
They decided, well, what are we going to do with this giant background signal
that doesn't really seem to behave like our theories match?
Well, why don't we just use it?
And so I think they just used a background signal in the only way that they could use it.
And if they needed to augment it, how they would augment it is with this cloning technology.
They would make, for example, a truck full of RNA that was all identical to SARS-CoV-2
and spray summon Iran, and all those people would get sick because they would make all this RNA protein
and they would transfect their lungs because that's what happens when you spray RNA on things.
It gets transfected, and these people would get sick, but it wouldn't really be transmissible.
It wouldn't go anywhere, but all of the sequences that they wanted to be there would be present
and it would be very bright signal.
And do the same thing in Wuhan and send one guy to Seattle and call him the Sohomish County man
and get all of your antibodies from him, get all of your genome sequence from him,
and then never sequence the virus again.
And the connection between the PCR rollout and the original detection of the virus
is completely disconnected. They're not even remotely related to one another.
And yet, somehow or another, those three things are connected.
The isolation and sequence of the virus in a few people in a few places
with the rollout of PCR tests on that confounding background that are not related to each other at all.
And again, the stuff that I think like Jonathan Engler and Jessica Hockett
and Martin Neal are finding with regard to the local mass casualty events
that actually never keep spreading.
That's really the evidence that I think is the most damning.
And it's actually the evidence I think a lot of people are trying to ignore
that Denny's brought to the table.
They're happy to say that Denny thinks that 17 million people were killed by the shot,
but nobody seems to want to touch the fact that Denny has also shown
that lots of borders seem to be impenetrable to the super deadly virus.
Okay, one final small question.
What is the chance that or what are the, are there any false positive rates
for these discoveries of the genes?
Like when they say we found 10 copies of the full genome,
are they all 100% guaranteed to be?
No, I mean, that's the other problem, right?
The molecular biologists will argue that that sample is imperfect,
that a lot of them don't go through the pore, that's not really, you know,
sampling a small fraction of the total things that are there,
and so you're over representing the fidelity of nanopore.
What I'm really trying to argue is that this signal of massive numbers
of subgenomic RNAs and very tiny, almost undetectable fractions
of what would be the full copy of the RNA translated from the DNA.
Because please understand that if they don't do this cloning manipulation,
they can never get a full sequence.
Never.
It's always an assembled fraction of amplicons with large portions missing,
and you can find paper after paper after paper where they say
that we found a novel coronavirus in salmon,
and we found this gene, this gene, and this gene,
and so taking the consensus coronavirus, we filled in the rest of the genes
necessary for it to be replication competent,
and then we made a clone of that, and then we did all our experiments with that.
So that's really important to understand,
that the fidelity of coronavirus biology has been grossly over-exaggerated,
and that was used to confuse us,
and I think that's what the no-virus people really did,
whether they knew it or not.
By sticking to isolation and purification,
we never really were able to progress to the stage where we were like,
wait, but then they lied about it,
and how do we explain the molecular biology that we see or think we're seeing,
and I think that not digging deep enough into that was also part of the slow role of the realization,
because we're all going to come to the eventual understanding of what they did to us.
It's just a question of when.
That's part of the way they're going to control demolish America,
is that Americans are eventually going to come to realize
that everything they knew about American history is twisted and wrong,
and so then they're going to be ashamed of themselves
and they're going to burn it down themselves.
That's the plan, and so if you want to get ahead of that,
we've got to explain people what the lies are when they were told
and hope that people won't kill each other,
but instead turn their ire into a community uprising that takes our country back,
and the rest of the world has to do the same thing.
The Netherlands and Germany and everywhere else, too.
It's all a great big story to get us to tell our kids.
It's terrible.
Thank you.
Okay, I think Thomas was next. Thomas been there.
I can almost start crying.
Thanks, Chee for your great presentation.
Great to finally meet you.
You're such a hero, man.
I can almost cry meeting you right now, man.
Thank you so much for everything you've done.
Come on, come on.
No, really, man.
Well, I put my simplest explanation how this COVID-RT PCR testing pandemic
was created in the chat.
It was a treat from March 2020.
I mean, theoretically, if you're running off cycles,
even if the test is 100% specific, which is not,
even if it was, theoretically, we can find one RNA or DNA fragment
of one single, any cold virus.
And then, of course, the scam was to declare a positive test as infected
or even deceased from COVID.
This was the scam.
They didn't look at the CT.
They didn't look at the clinical symptoms or the clinical findings.
So with this method, we can create a XYRT PCR or PCR test.
PCR testing pandemic with any cold virus.
And I think now, when this WHO pandemic treaty threatens,
it is really important to explain to the people how this COVID-RT PCR
testing pandemic was fabricated as a recipe for any X, Y, PCR,
or T PCR testing pandemic.
If the people realize this, they cannot be fooled again.
And this, for me, this is something of the most important things
we have to do.
And I think we totally agree.
I mean, I can underline everything you told in your presentation.
And I always thank Bernie again and again, because he proved
what I, what I yesterday, did in March 2020,
that it was mainly an RT PCR testing pandemic.
And the people did not frat.
Most people at least are maybe on died from COVID,
but from anything that was mislabeled as COVID.
Yeah, thanks.
Thank you, Caroline.
Hello, thank you so much.
I understood almost everything.
And that's saying something because I'm not a scientist.
And, you know, all the drawings and all the long words don't,
I just don't get it all.
But this was, this was based on, on things that I understand,
the explanations and the cars are great.
I, you may have said this in words that are more complicated
than what I can understand.
But I'm interested in knowing what did people have?
Was it a purely psychological hypochondriac reaction through fear
to the, to the propaganda?
Was it whatever they say?
EMF poisoning and, you know, a group of things like the poison
and the foods and the spraying and all of that.
I never got notwithstanding that there are prominent people
who say virtually everyone had COVID.
I, I didn't have it.
And, you know, I was raised by a mother who said,
you're not sick.
You know, it's like, I went to school anyway.
People when I coughed and, you know, I just don't really believe in disease.
So I can't afford to be sick, so I'm not sick.
So I don't know whether that has anything to do with it.
But, but I, I remember talking to Denny and saying, Denny,
how many people do you think died of COVID?
And he said, none.
And that was just earthshaking to me.
It's like, right, they died of the protocol.
But I've heard a lot of the people in the bus stories talk about, you know,
my husband couldn't breathe.
He couldn't breathe.
And so we went to the hospital.
Well, I don't hear about perfectly healthy people not being able to breathe very often.
So was that just fear?
I would, I would first preface by saying I'm just going to wildly speculate here.
But what I really want you to do is to try and open, open the possibility space in your mind.
So the story that I want you to consider accepting is that after the biosecurity state realized
that the only bioweapons that they were going to make were not going to do, you know,
the story of them being a nuclear weapon or better than a nuclear weapon is not possible.
That's not the way biology works.
And they probably figured that out more than a decade ago.
And the best way that I would describe it is if they figured that out but still wanted you to believe that story,
then as many compounding variables that would generate the fear and confusion and uncertainty
that could be twisted by messaging, like real, beautiful, coordinated messaging, like that guy standing on the train,
but with lots of friends could convince you that something was happening that wasn't.
And I think the most important example is a woman by the name of Jessica Hawkins' data
who's been looking into New York City and basically shows that New York City is like a, it's a, oh, shoot.
What did I do there? It's a, it's just an event where it went like this.
There was a huge number of people, like 20,000 people died in four weeks and then it went right back to baseline and never spread again.
And so this event was recreated in several places around the world using various means of doing it.
In Italy, people are speculating that they were given vaccines a few times in a row before the pandemic
and then they all got sick and they treated them badly with violent ventilators and killed them all.
There are people that are speculating that people who had a bacterial pneumonia were sent back to old folks homes in New York City
and not given antibiotics which would have cured their pneumonia instead they died.
And you shouldn't underestimate the picture that I show there shows between five and 10,000 people every, I think it's, sorry,
it's between three and 5,000 people every week dying of pneumonia in America and that went up to 50,000 people sometimes.
And that, that change is likely due to the absolute just drop off of use of standard antibiotics because of the narrative that antibiotics don't work on viral pneumonia.
And every one of these incremental changes in the way that we normally behave that resulted in more people dying was misconstrued as evidence of spread.
And so some people probably did have a very bad bout of pneumonia that they got through on their own because they thought they had COVID and they stayed at home and isolated.
And it was like needles in their, in their, and they were coughing stuff up and everything else.
I mean, I think you have to consider and try to consider the possibility that there is not one explanation that describes what happened,
but the mythology they want you to accept is exactly that, that it's one explanation.
It is the virus that spread.
And we just don't remember how many times we've been sick.
You don't remember the times when you were super sick as a kid.
I mean, maybe you remember one, but there's lots of times when you've been an adult and had three days of the flu and never wrote it down in your diary as, as, you know, a pandemic.
And this is the same thing.
We were paying attention to everybody that died.
And if you look at that thing, I mean, one of the numbers you should share with your family and friends, we have 350 odd people, 350 million people in America and between 2,700,000 and 3 million people are expected to die every year.
That's between 55 and 65,000 people a week.
That's a lot of bodies.
And that's normal.
And so they tried very hard for you not to understand that process as they started to frame what was happening.
And in that year, every year in those 50,000 people a week, there are people that get sick with pneumonia and die and it feels exactly like COVID supposed to feel with all the same symptoms of not being able to breathe and low oxygen and all the other stuff.
And so that set of symptoms is not new, but we have been somehow convinced to attribute it to something new, if that makes sense.
Okay, thank you, Tom.
Okay, yeah, I try to listen, you know, and I get an email and I have the idea for me, you can get some feedback about like what one thing that you had been saying in your repeatedly is this the viruses have this lipid coating and as somebody a lay person, I started getting really confused thinking about the
nano lipid particles and now you're saying it seemed like you were getting confused.
But now I realize that I need to go and look up basic virology and what a virus is.
That's just a side point.
The original reason why I wanted to bring up the question is, going back to the origin, you know, SARS-CoV-2 when it was sequenced.
And I think I'm falling right into the trap that you're trying to prevent me from falling into, which is, you know, the Scooby-Doo of focusing on all these little details, thinking that these are, these are where are important, but they are, they're interesting and I'm curious.
So I want to go back to the idea that SARS-CoV-2 was engineered, that there was, if it's not getting a function, it was at least engineering design.
And, you know, they have the martianis patented sequences in there and isn't that really interesting and how did that happen?
And, you know, that somehow, gee, this just must be key, this must be important.
Sure.
And so when you try to downplay the gain of function and all this engineering stuff, and I know other people would be mentioning binding sites in the ACE2.
And I know I'm throwing a lot out on the table.
No, I love it.
I can take it right now if you want me to take it right now.
Okay.
I'm so happy you brought up ACE2 because I think that was one of the most wonderful aspects of the first year of the pandemic.
How much physiology we were forced to learn about ACE2 and fluid regulation and how widespread this receptor was and that it was also in circulation.
The engineering aspect of this, I think, is really simple after three years.
For about, I would say 25 years at least, the common parlance inside of NIH and NIAID and the Department of Defense with regard to viruses and bioweapons has been that antibodies are the way to solve this problem.
They're not a correlate of immunity so much as they are, the immune marker that these products are supposed to produce.
And it's the only measurement that they really have is production of antibodies.
This has been known for a long time and it's been stuff that they fight about neutralizing non-neutralizing antibodies.
This is all part of the discussion that's irrelevant because they're over accentuating the very final step in the immune response as if it's the one that's most paramount when in reality, it's likely that the immune response stops as quickly as it possibly can and avoids getting to the point of reproducing antibodies whenever possible.
And it seems that the previous times that we're producing antibodies are really aimed at, and this is something that I would like to expand on as I'm moving forward.
There were two schools of thought about immunology in the early 90s, early 2000s.
One was centered around pathogen-associated molecular patterns and the other was associated with damage-associated molecular patterns.
And there are two very different opposing views about how the immune system produces memory.
One is a pathogen-specific thing where you have to make memory to every pathogen because they're all different.
And the other one is about the idea that evolutionary mechanisms have conserved these damaging epitopes that are often hydrophobic.
And your immune system has formed to generalize across these damage-associated molecular patterns and minimize the memory response to them and generalize across them.
And so they're very different opposing views because one suggests that there's very little need to augment your immune system and you better damn well understand what the damage-associated molecular pattern signal is before you try to do it.
And on the other hand, there's this thing where there's a unique response to every antigen, and then there you can use that to make a product for every antigen or product for every epitope or a product for every pathogen.
And the NIH unsurprisingly chose to let go of everybody in NIAID that was working on the damage-associated molecular pattern research line in the late 2000s
and left all these people who were working on pathogen-associated molecular patterns and the specificity of the response.
So why am I here, cue me up again?
Oh yeah, so then the reality is the engineering was the story.
So I want you to imagine a scenario where they want you to accept transfection as a vaccine,
and they want you to accept it as they're selling it right now, which is a universal methodology for it.
All they have to do is swap out the RNA and then they have a different vaccine.
And they want you to accept that idea.
The way that they thought to get you to accept that idea was to design a protein that would be its own adjuvant.
And so much of what is in the spike protein that everybody's been up in arms about all this time has in reality been the signal of epitopes,
which were added to get the attention of the immune system and produce a robust, reliable, and expected antibody response.
And so if you have a protein that the immune system treats all the same, or even worse, you have a protein that you just found in the wild
and you have no idea what parts of it are going to attract to your immune system, you might say, well, naively, we're going to transfect you to the whole protein.
But these people were clever. They knew that they could pretend, I think, no, I'm speculating.
They knew they could pretend that they just found this protein and they took 45 minutes to encode it in the mRNA in a way they went.
But in reality, what I think they did was they already had a designer protein.
They already knew what epitopes they wanted to find and then they made a clone of that thing in a coronavirus genome
and seeded it in a few places so they could shrug their shoulders and say, oh, wow, this protein's pretty cool.
Let's make an mRNA of it. And lo and behold, four exposures still gives them a robust antibody response that they can publish in papers.
Well, that's handy, isn't it? And if they used a sort of generic epitope that would just piss off antigen-presenting cells
and get a neutralizing antibody that they could test for or already predict was going to be there so that their test would detect for it,
it's almost like a stacked deck of cards in the sense that they pretend that, oh, it's a random virus that came out of nature
when in reality the fifth card was the card that they put in there and then they said, oh, we'll use this one for the vaccine.
So if there was engineering, that was the engineering and they covered it up with a three-year scooby-doo about an engineered virus.
And everybody arguing about how the spike protein was a toxin and it was going to cause amyloid and it was going to cause prion disease
when all along they knew that transfection to that protein would be expected to do all those things.
And so as long as they attributed myocarditis to the virus first, then they could get away with the shot causing it.
As long as they contribute prion disease to the virus first, then the shot can get away with causing it.
And they've pulled this shit every damn time with every single piece of the biology we've uncovered.
That's what I think.
Wow, okay. So, and they could have really designed SARS-CoV-2 itself.
I'm just repeating what you're saying. I see.
But really they only needed to design the spot.
And they want that robust antibody response.
And what was the other school that got pushed out?
It's called damage-associated molecular patterns as opposed to pathogen-associated molecular patterns.
And so in one model, the immune system is learning molecular patterns that are associated with the unique virus.
And in the other model of the immune system, the immune system is trying to generalize across molecular patterns that can cause damage.
And so if a signal, be it a coronavirus, doesn't have one of those patterns in it,
then your body will necessarily not develop immunity to it.
And I think that's how you should better describe what coronaviruses as a signal were before the pandemic.
They were an innocuous noise that your body basically ignored.
And this is the first example of apparently something that we've never seen before, so we're responding to it.
And I just don't think that's a, that's not a real story.
Thank you.
Denise, thank you for next.
Okay, thank you. Okay, yeah.
I don't know if it's a question or suggestion or what, but if I accept your premise that there was no COVID that caused death.
Let's put it that way. Okay. No, no, no COVID pathogen that caused death, no particularly.
And I've been saying that, as you know, for years, based on other kinds of data.
But one of the things I've observed is that one of the sectors of society that is arguing for this idea that there was a deadly pathogen and that it caused a lot of death is the medical clinicians who treat people.
And so, for example, I have argued in one of my papers that Ivermectin is extraordinarily effective at treating bacterial pneumonia and that you can fool yourself by prescribing Ivermectin that you save someone from bacterial pneumonia and think that you save them from COVID.
And I think that the medical freedom people and the people who are convinced they've saved hundreds or thousands of lives in their own practice and they go on and on about this deadly COVID are in a sense part of the problem.
The problem being that it's pushing this idea that there was a deadly pathogen that could cause death.
So I want to do a reaction to that because I, every time I hear them, but they're unwitting, right? They're unwitting participants because they're unwitting participants because they have been.
And I think that that's the magic of also the hype of hydroxychloroquine was the same thing. These are not, these are not substances without benefit.
And they are substances that before the pandemic, we basically were unaware of for the most part. And so to create a debate about them and then also, obviously, a disingenuous evaluation of them with these fake trials that were obviously bad or doses that were obviously high so that people would argue again within this limited spectrum of debate without actually coming to the realization,
that maybe we should have just had Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine over the counter before the pandemic and lots of other things would have gone away.
But, you know, we didn't think that way, of course, and we're still not thinking about it.
All of the argument and all of the movement for medical freedom and all of the movement that you're treating people and we could have treated them.
We could have saved so many more lives. And all of that is sending us directly in the wrong direction because there was no particularly virulent pathogen period.
All of the deaths have been explained by the many things that you put in your points and the many things that I've been talking about in my articles and so on.
It's not hard to cause death when you completely overhaul the society and stress everyone all to hell and isolate them.
And especially vulnerable people in institutions. It's not hard to cause significant numbers of excess deaths when you start doing that to a society.
And the places where they did it most aggressively have the biggest peaks of excess death.
We showed that in our recent paper for Peru, where they called in 10,000 military reservists to go and get everybody in the countryside that tested positive and put them through hell and ripped them out of their families and everything.
And there's these huge peaks of death. And then when they stop doing that, the deaths come down.
And then there's an election. They start doing it again. The deaths go up again. I mean, there's so many direct concrete examples where we kind of know what the causal mechanism is of those deaths, you know.
So that's been my perspective all along, but I just wanted to try to get it across to treatment clinicians that, you know, please accept the idea that you may actually be fooling yourself at the deepest level when you think that there was a virulent new viral pathogen.
Absolutely. I don't percent agree. I don't think I can really add anything to it. I think Thomas would agree to.
I don't know about that, but OK, thanks.
I just wanted to fully agree. I may. I also believe it's mainly the changing of the behavior of how we care for our patients.
I never used hydroxychloroquine. I never used ivermectin. None of my patients who I saw early had to be hospitalized or even died.
Just today, I left the WhatsApp group of all these early treatment guys. They are still convinced that there was a pandemic of a killer virus, and this is not a good idea. This is exactly what we have to tell the people that it was not the case.
If you want to proceed. I really have the same problem with these guys. Most patients were treated, were diagnosed too late or not at all.
They had to be full blown bacteria, secondary bacterial pneumonia. They came to the hospital and even there, sometimes the colleagues were looking at the world through their COVID lenses and did not even diagnose the dent.
They had sepsis and then they have hyplongs. I mean, if you have if you miss bacterial pneumonia, you do end up with hyplongs.
There is no CT criteria on how you can distinguish bacterial pneumonia with sepsis, ARDS from from COVID pneumonia. You cannot, you simply cannot.
I also believe they fooled themselves. And in the God's Eververse, the more patients died, the God's Eververse.
So I fully agree with this. And sorry or sorry about that. I have to say one person who disappoints me more and more is Robert Kennedy.
Now he, this book came out. He's again blathering about these lovely shots and about the pandemic of a killer virus.
Now hold on though. And all the things that I said are in that book though. They're all in there. Everything that I said is in the book.
Every quote of what of me in the book is just the talk I just gave that it had to be clones that they had to fake it. And then, and they're even on page 441.
It quotes me as saying there didn't even need to be a real virus. So it's in the book.
So maybe I'm just going to say I just ordered the book. I misunderstood the message. So, yeah. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. You earned yourself a Christmas present as I send it to you.
I mean, I'm not saying I'm not saying that 500 pages aren't about a lab leak, but there are 18 pages where I have biology in there that says that that didn't need to be and it probably wasn't. So it's in the book.
Something else I stayed again and again. Imagine. Don't don't charge your neighbor until you walk two moons in his moccasins.
It's an old chain pro war, but this is also true for adversaries. So if I was a psycho calf, who should plan this pandemic and if I was not suicidal, I would not choose dangerous virus.
For the very dangerous virus that cannot even be yet pandemic because we are sick that's rapidly or even died that we have not a lot of social contacts.
But I will not choose a dangerous virus because it could hurt or even kill media as well. So I will choose a relatively harmless or even no virus and inflate.
The PR and PCR into the killer lives. And the part part of this PR, of course, is this library story. The people, even if the people do not believe it, they still have the best way.
Oh my God, this is a bio weapon. This country is the bio weapon.
In fact, the bio weapon, of course, is the directed by a weapon, the targeted by a weapon that that does not affect the criminals and this bio weapon, of course, or the injections.
It's that simple and just some common use some common sense, but common sense lost in February, 2020.
Okay.
That was great Thomas. Thank you for clarifying your position.
Mark, I call yourself silent. I would be very interested in your thoughts about all these.
Yes, I think it's good. I'm silent.
And Jay Jay, thanks for your presentation. It's got me thinking about a lot of things. But I'm hoping for clarification because I, I totally agree with you that there's deception on many levels in COVID and beyond.
And it's really difficult to sort through. And I always, I asked myself, well, what are the goals or the objectives of all of this.
And so I think I heard you say that one goal was to decode the human genome, possibly another one is for us to destroy ourselves and we see what is going on will be so upset.
Another goal is to maybe shorten the lives of many, which we're observing and prevent future births.
Could you maybe clarify and summarize what you, why you think there are so many lies and so many layers of deception and what those ultimate objectives are.
I think it can also be adequately reflected in the term personalized medicine.
I think basically they've come to the conclusion that any kind of genetic manipulation of humans is not going to pass the typical random randomized control trial, certainly not.
And so their way of getting people, you know, the skilled TV watchers to accept that transfection is relatively safe is to keep repeating now for the last few months that a billion, five billion people have been given the shot so obviously they're safe.
And anybody that was hurt is now being led to believe that it's because the shot was contaminated.
And only recently this paper from UCL comes out and says that actually it's the chemical alteration that causes frame shifts and that's huge, that's terrible, and that's causing a bunch of aberrant immune responses.
But it's still, it still begs the question that in the best case scenario, transfection would have never been a way of augmenting the immune system and we're still avoiding actually answering or saying that out loud because the intention is to keep rolling out genetic technologies.
The intention is to never go back to doing vaccines the old fashioned way. And so we may get inhaled vaccines, we may get electroporated vaccines, we may get vaccines which produce antibodies instead of producing.
So one of the very interesting things that happened during the pandemic was the intellectual property space that governs monoclonal antibodies was changed drastically so that it's not really clear whether any patent on a traditional monoclonal antibody is really enforceable anymore.
And so one of the natural evolutions of transfection which has been brewing in the background for a long time was circumventing the expensive production of monoclonal antibodies by just transfecting people in their liver to produce the antibody that they've identified
or designed to be appropriate for the transfection and then they'll just do that so they can fight cancer that way and they're going to start to augment other diseases and things like that with antibodies in that nature.
So the progress that they want to make is to do a bait and switch where they tell you a story about how this technology was rushed but in essence we don't have to test it really anymore.
That's another very big part of this but I still think the overarching goal is to make sure that we as in me and you are the last generation to think of ourselves as being really sovereign over our lives and sovereign over our children's lives.
And they want really us to in some way or another not pass on that value to our children so that they can start requiring the sampling of this data from beginning to end.
That's what I think.
Thanks.
That helps.
Okay.
Do you have a hand up still?
Yes.
Again.
Yeah.
So.
Okay.
So this is first I'm going to say something a little sacrilegious and then I'm going to ask the question.
I don't think that I'm not convinced that transfection itself is dangerous or is necessarily the most toxic aspect of these injections.
I mean the cationic lipids, the damage to cell walls, there's all kinds of things.
You haven't convinced me that the fact that you're transfecting is a particular danger.
Now having said that, I believe and this is just my conjecture but I believe that the military and in conjunction with the elite and some of the bigger people actually believe the fantasy that they can change us fundamentally.
By this transfection technology using nanoparticles.
I think they actually believe that and they are on a program, a research program to find out how they can achieve it and to what degree it works and what the problems are.
And I see this as kind of a first step experiment where you do it globally like this and you see what happens.
But I honestly believe that they think that they'll be able to design the mRNA that they need to affect a particular thing, a particular bodily function or whatever.
I think they believe they can protect the people they want or change people in the way that they want.
I think this is real that they actually believe this and so for military reasons and also maybe ideological reasons,
they're just going to go there, they're doing it.
And so how would you react to that?
I'm sure that's the case.
I would say that the reason why there were so many different stories about all the things that happened with the shots around the world from magnets to 5G to graphene and all this other stuff is likely because they already took advantage of the first round to test different things.
And even if not to test them to actually put them out there so that there would be these conflicting stories that could be debunked from different directions and set up that confusion.
So I have no doubt in my mind that genetic technologies, DNA and RNA are at their infancy and they know that the only way that they're going to learn how to use these things in their imagination is to roll them out and let them test on people because it doesn't work to test on animals.
So I'm totally with you with that.
Just to tell you a story about, just to tell you a story about transfection, when we would use it in mice, one of the beauties of using a mouse as an animal model is that you get all the anatomy because you can sacrifice the animal and make a very detailed anatomical reconstruction of the brain.
Any sort of transfection using mRNA and electroporation, gold particles, DNA and adenovirus, they all do the same thing.
They target neurons and the neurons express a protein they're not supposed to express and it doesn't matter whether it was a glow-in-the-dark protein for anatomy or whether it was a protein that was functionally altering the neuron or whether it was an ion channel.
When you express these proteins in these neurons, you have a limited time window in which you can do your experiment and also sacrifice the animal and reconstruct the brain circuit that you manipulated because after about eight weeks of transfection, wherever you injected that transfection is entirely obliterated.
And I can't tell you for sure that it's the immune system, it could also be the overexpression of the proteins, but we have spent, sometimes we spend a few months, sometimes we spend a few weeks trying to optimize that time window where we can still sacrifice the animal and reconstruct the neurons that are there without them having been lesioned before we do that experiment.
And for either overexpression and toxicity or because the immune system responds by destroying those neurons, that's what you get and you get a real lesion.
So I actually had a huge problem with an experiment at Pitt because we helped somebody do an experiment in monkeys and for whatever reason, they didn't understand what I said.
And they let the monkey go for 12 weeks before they sacrificed the animal at the end of the experiment and they had no anatomy.
The entire area of the brain that they had been recording from for eight weeks was just lesioned.
And they were like, how come this didn't, your prep didn't work? And I'm like, it can't work. You can't have this status of foreign protein being expressed in high volume and a neuron for that long.
And so I would argue that the only reason why transfection in the muscle is not having more devastating effects is because the liver is very good at detoxifying and the body is very good at detoxifying.
But if the body makes a mistake and it attacks the endothelial cells, then you can get any range of effects that include, you know, myocarditis is not endothelial cells, but it's the same kind of random transfection of cells that then the immune system responds to.
And then a question is, how robust is the autoimmune response? Is it robust enough to have any symptoms in a year or two years or three years?
Or will it take 10 years before your body's finally weakened your endothelial cells enough for your blood brain barrier to leak or for you to have a stroke or for my friend to have an aneurysm?
Okay, okay, but let me respond just quickly.
Yeah, sure.
Have a look at responding.
Is it possible that you're wearing, when you when you describe all this, when you do the experiments and everything, you're wearing your transcription glasses.
Isn't it possible that by the intervention, your causing damage, which is not trans, transfection type damage, but which is related to the delivery method, even though you've used different methods, but you're always causing damage.
Yes.
And it's that damage that that that is that is causing these lesions and the reaction of the immune and so on and so on.
That is possible, but in all of those scenarios, the immune system still needs to clean up the mess without making a mistake of developing autoimmunity.
And so if transfection destroys tissues in a way that's unnatural or destroys tissues in a way that causes the immune response to be somehow overzealous, then you're going to have autoimmunity.
And so it doesn't necessarily need to be the immune response to the protein and overexpression.
It can also be just to the death of the cell.
And either way, that's the immune response having to ignore self and.
Okay, but the death of the cell, my point is the death of the cell or the damage to the cell can occur whether or not there was transfection.
Yes, that's true.
I can't argue with that.
That's true.
Okay.
The basic of the fundamental sin was transfection.
It's not the bad thing if you can make a patient suffering from type one diabetes is producing insulin.
This is a good thing.
This is a protein of my own body, the the basic fundamental sin was to transfect.
With a gene encoding a protein forward to the body.
And then I mean, nobody who was who was involved in this development is that stupid that he does not know the fundamental principle of our immune system to distinguish self from non-self.
And then the catastrophe.
I heard that took a drive at least when when we need such a huge doses to to to induce immune response and the production.
So that so many cells are killed.
If only a few cells would would would be killed, the damage would be stopped clinical.
But obviously the dosage they use to induce this antibody response is so enormous that in many patients, so many cells are destroyed that they get sick or even died.
And then it is the most heinous poison I ever saw because this is the fundamental problem that Michael explained nicely in his book.
But then there comes the toxicity of the lipid nanoparticles in all these.
So there are many many levels of toxicity that may be not in all patients work in the same manner.
And this makes it make it even more complicated.
And I think the fundamental they made two errors.
They underestimated so much underestimated the toxicity of these injections.
It becomes more and more difficult to hide this.
And they underestimated the resistance of the populace.
They thought they might inject 95 or maybe 99% of the people.
And then there will be no control, no unvaccinated control group, I guess.
I think they thought that they could put the pig upon the so much pressure that there would not be a control group.
And then doing 50% of the problem would be solved.
And now they have this huge problem that is 17 million, at 20, 17 million and counting on more and more difficult to hide.
I would just add that the only time where they've tried to replace a protein in somebody who was missing it.
The first example was Jesse Gelsinger in the United States.
They used an adenovirus to replace a protein that he was missing in his liver and he died of liver failure within three weeks.
And that's because it was a foreign protein.
So the immune system attacked his liver even though they were replacing what should be an enzyme that he had because he didn't have it.
His immune system grew up to attack it or to recognize it as non-self.
And so unlike they expected, instead of fixing him, he was fine for about a week and then he had an absolutely catastrophic liver failure and died.
And that is really the start of this catastrophic train crash.
It's a difference whether you have no protein at all or just a deficiency.
Deficiency would be no problem in that aspect.
He probably had a mutant version of the protein, so the anti-genic difference between the functionally intact and the deficient one would be pretty small.
I think if I remember this correctly, this was mostly a reaction to the adenoviral proteins, which are foreign.
I mean, if you use that vector, you introduce a ton of foreign proteins along with that normal one.
Yeah, that's actually the sales talk for the mRNA vaccines, not for the mRNA technology.
In the context, different from vaccines that you do not need to introduce any vector derived foreign proteins, but you can introduce only the replacement intact version of the body's own protein.
Okay. Dr. Johansson.
Thank you for getting me a new title. I needed that.
We have people coming into Stockholm right now for the Nobel Prize award ceremony this weekend.
And so Kariko and Weisman will get their little medal and some money.
There are some of us who tried to protest. What do you, could you tell us your view on the role of the Sudiridine in the mRNA process?
Is it as bad as some people say? Should we protest? Are they dangerous people? And where can we read? Where can we get some facts? Some, some, some good write-ups.
One of the best things that's been written is what Michael Palmer and Sukrit wrote, that little pamphlet. I mean, it really, I don't think that anyone has produced an exhaustive list of all the reasons why this is a bad idea.
But that's as close as I've come to an exhaustive expose on why this would be a bad idea.
But the implications of the chemical alterations and the codon optimization, it's just adding layers of variability.
And the variability is not a few more possibilities, but it's each one is like another log component of more variability. That's what makes it so nasty.
And that's why I tried to start out with the statement that even if this was the perfect transfection and made the perfect spike protein every time, it would still be a bad idea.
Right.
Now, one last question. Can you put your contact details or something? I can reach you because I need to, I need to send you some material. I think I have an idea of how they can get rid of the control group.
Because I've been contacted as some of the people on the call here know by people that want me to participate with the US Department of Defense in the next phase of what's going to come.
That's called the pandemic phase two. I'd like to discuss it with you so that you can.
I put my oh sorry I put that in a private chat to Tom, whoever the hell that was that I was. What the heck.
He probably needs it too.
Yeah.
Let me see here the whole meeting group. There's my email.
It's just JJ period, my last name and then at children's health defense.org.
Okay, fine. Thank you.
Thank you very much guys for taking the time to listen to me. I know that I haven't told you anything you didn't know, but it's been a long time and everybody here is a hero. We just all haven't had time to hang out. And so I appreciate it a lot.
Yeah, first of all, I haven't said much this evening. I just wanted to say thank you very much.
And while I'm not a scientist, I'm a lay person. I can't comment on the scientific concepts here, but I just wanted to convey that I thought your presentation, your skill set and talent.
In your presentation and in your in your educational abilities was a very superb. You were very talented and you defined job today. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Thank you. And you're in Pittsburgh. I am in Pittsburgh. Yep.
It's right by my hometown. So yeah, very familiar.
Wow. Yeah, we moved here on a whim and we love it actually. It was very surprising. I don't know if we would have liked so many other places coming back to I grew up in Wisconsin.
So, okay, a lot of big cities might have been bad for us, but Pittsburgh was great.
Wonderful.
May I ask you about working? How are you earning?
The CHD is paying me now as a staff scientist. Thank goodness. So that was great.
I got hired. I got hired in July. So I'm very happy to be working under Brian Hooker now.
Oh, yeah, that's great. Yeah. Thanks.
Can I can I make a request to this group that as soon as the video is made public to send us an actual email so that we can spread it on social media right away.
Yeah. In fact, you're the second person to ask for it to this evening. Fortunately, there aren't so many edits to this. So I can probably get it out to everybody literally quite quickly. I don't have to edit much. So that's, that's great.
So, yes, absolutely. I'm going to leave it there just to make sure that I don't, I don't know what they talk about at the end here.
That last guy that came in from Germany or from, I don't know where he was from, Romania, wherever he said he was from.
And the next phase was very interesting.
I couldn't recognize, I didn't recognize him from anywhere before and I haven't gotten an email from him yet. I'm not sure.
I guess I haven't talked in a while. This is also from basketball practice. So anyway, hopefully we'll have another show tomorrow night.
Yeah, there's no basketball practice. I'll be on tomorrow night at some point. Thank you very much for joining me. I'm glad you watch till the end.
Fun times, ladies and gentlemen, fun times. Thanks for joining me. I'll see you again soon.
Maybe I'll play it out.
I don't know who I was talking to there. One of my kids wants to come in here.
Alright, thank you very much for joining me. I don't know what's going on with my voice. I think I better go get a drink.
It could also be that my voice has dropped even lower now. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for joining me.
It's too dark in here for this to work. Sorry about that. I thought I could sit down here and laugh at myself, but I can't.
Oh boy, something's going on with my voice. I'll see you tomorrow.
Thank you very much.